[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This is a dish that I make
when I don't want to cook
and I've just had enough, and
I don't want to eat out and I
just want to chill out, and
I just feel like-- you know,
I just don't want to
do anything, right?
This is the dish that I
just always make myself
when I'm just at that point.
So it's called broccoli pasta.
It's really simple.
An Italian man taught
me this actually,
and I've loved it ever since.
So I've got some pasta with
some buckwheat noodles here.
You can use any past you like.
I've got boiling water
here, which I'm just
going to now salt,
and then I'm going
to add my pasta to
this boiling water.
And you're just going to read
the instructions of your pasta.
No big deal.
I can't tell you how
long to cook pasta
because all pastas
are different, right?
So this is buckwheat, so
this is a gluten-free pasta.
I want to bring this
back up to the boil,
so I'm going to put my lid on.
And what I'm going to
do, this is just like--
I'm smiling because
I thought to myself,
should I put this
in the program?
I'm like, hell yeah.
Hell yeah, I'm going to
put this in the program.
And when I made this
for my partner, Scott,
he was like, what?
This is the dish I make
when I don't want to cook.
So nice big head of
broccoli, and I'm
just going to cut it into
same-size pieces, preferably.
So just have a look
what I'm doing here.
And see those leaves
that are on here?
That's totally fine, OK?
Leave the leaves on.
Not a problem in the world.
And I've got some peas.
So broccoli, some peas,
and I need a garlic clove.
If you don't want to
add garlic, don't.
I love it, personally.
All I'm going to
do is just do this.
So you imagine, right?
I've worked all day.
Oh, come to the boil.
Thank you very much.
Good sound in there.
I've worked all day, and
I just can't be bothered.
I don't want to.
But I know that if I get
takeaway or anything like that,
I'm just going to regret it.
It's like, don't do it.
So this is my alternative.
So I'm not even
going to cut that up.
I'm just doing that because,
you know, I'm doing it.
So this is cooking
beautifully, and it's just
going to keep cooking till
it's just about cooked, OK?
When I mean just about
cooked, when I take one out
and I feel like it's enough for
me-- right now, it's solid hard
and it's not ready, OK?
So I'm just going to cook that.
And I want to add a leek.
Now, these are baby
leeks, but in Australia
or in other countries,
you get them quite big.
I'm just going to chop
them up like this--
the hard part of the leek, OK?
And then the soft
part, I'm going
to cut it thinner,
which is the green part.
So chop all that up.
And when you get to the very
end of those leafy green tops--
that's all finely chopped--
check on the pasta.
See where we're at.
Nearly there.
I'm going to wait, I
think, another minute
for me on my buckwheat
pasta, and then
I'm going to show
you the next step.
So with your pasta, if
you've got spaghetti,
if you've got
fettuccine, if you've
got any kind of rice noodles or
gluten-free pasta or anything
light, remember, just cook
it to the instructions.
And just before it's cooked,
like two minutes before
it's cooked-- two to
three minutes, actually--
I want you to put the rest
of the ingredients in.
So we'll do that in a minute,
so I'm just going to wait.
This will take another minute.
All right, I've been cooking
this, and for me, I'm like,
is this nearly cooked?
For me, yes, it
totally nearly is.
It's a bit chewy.
Perfect.
Awesome.
This is where everything's
going to go in.
Boom.
This is the dish when
you don't want to cook.
The best dish on the planet.
Give it a stir.
And I want to cook this for a
further two or three minutes,
just until the
broccoli is cooked.
Remember, my pasta
was still very chewy,
so that's going to
take another, I reckon,
for my pasta to be completely
cooked, probably four minutes.
So this is me at home, right?
So you just deal
with your pasta.
But as soon as you
feel like it's hard
and then it's
medium kind of hard,
that's when I put it in,
because mine is on medium hard
to just cooked.
So I will see you guys back
here in a couple of minutes.
>> Oh, we've got
peas, leeks, broccoli.
>> Do you remember I made
this-- but tell everybody.
Do you remember I
made this for you
when I couldn't be
bothered cooking?
>> Yeah.
>> And we just
wanted something--
>> Simple.
>> --simple.
And I said, oh, I'll
make you broccoli pasta.
And you're like,
what dish is that?
>> Yeah.
>> Do you remember that?
>> I do.
>> And we sat on the couch
and we shared a bowl of it.
>> Yeah.
>> A fork each.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> It's good as new.
>> Can we talk now?
>> Yes.
>> Are you finished?
[LAUGHS] This is actually
a really simple dish.
It's just full of flavor.
>> It is.
>> I love it.
>> Why?
You can do it,
right, as a bloke?
>> Yeah, as a bloke,
I can cook this.
>> If you didn't have
any of those ingredients,
what would you put in?
>> I could use-- with
pasta, I'd use spinach.
>> Yeah, but when would
you put the spinach in?
>> Right near the end--
>> Yeah.
>> --because it doesn't
need much cooking, right?
Just wilt it.
>> Yeah.
>> What else goes with pasta?
>> This is good.
You could put
cauliflower in there.
You could put any
kind of flavors.
>> No, I wouldn't do--
>> Pumpkin?
>> You could do.
Ah, you could-- I would
roast the pumpkin there.
I'd have roast pumpkin pasta.
>> And then put it in the--
>> That's getting a little
bit fancy, isn't it?
>> No, you're getting
a little bit fancy now.
This is the one dish where
you don't want to cook.
>> That's the one dish.
One pot wonder.
>> One pot wonder.
>> And the pasta in
the the other pot.
>> No, this is the one--
>> Actually, you know
what you could do?
>> This is the one pot wonder.
>> You could actually take
vermicelli noodles and just
throw them in this as well
and that with one pot.
>> This is a one pot deal.
>> Where do you put the water?
>> The water's in there.
It's cooking.
>> The pasta.
>> It's all in there.
>> The pasta's in there already?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
I didn't see this being made.
>> OK.
All right, so this
is what I did.
>> That's got pasta
in it already?
>> Let's do it again.
Yeah, the pasta's nearly cooked.
>> Oh wow, it really is a
one pot-- you're amazing.
>> This is the dish I always
make when I don't want to cook.
>> Ah, you used
the spiral pasta.
I've had it with
spaghetti before.
>> Yeah, yeah, but this
is what I had, right?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> So all I've done is--
and this is what I've told
everybody.
>> You're so clever.
>> I know, right?
Wait.
Just wait.
What I've done
Scott, because you
need to do this when I'm away--
>> Yeah.
>> --what I did was I boiled the
pasta, and it was quite hard.
Then it was medium hard.
>> Yep.
>> And then when
it was medium hard,
I threw everything
else in there.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
By the time it gets soft,
everything else will be yummy.
>> Did she add the
building blocks of flavor,
salt and pepper?
>> I did salt, not pepper.
Pepper last.
And I put my lid
back on because I
want to bring it back up to the
boil really, really quickly.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> All right.
Good job.
>> Incredible.
I know.
>> One pot pasta.
>> Thanks for coming in.
>> We'll serve your organs.
Thank you.
Thanks for inviting me in today.
>> You're welcome, Scotty.
I don't know what
to do with that.
>> [LAUGHING]
All right, we're
nearly there, guys.
Nearly there.
My broccoli is looking hard.
My pasta, where are we at?
Oh, nearly there.
This is great timing.
Awesome.
Lit back on, bring
it to the boil.
As soon as it starts coming
up to a boil, lid off.
Let it cook a little bit longer.
OK, this is done.
So the next step is
grabbing a strainer
into my beautiful
big sink of glory.
Taking it over here.
I want to get a bowl ready.
I'm almost ready.
This is the meal of all meals.
I'm straining into my strainer.
Give it a good shake.
Get all that water out.
Get a bit of a facial
while you're at it.
Look at this.
OK, I want a little bit
of olive oil for flavor.
I'm just going to drizzle
a little bit on here--
just a little bit.
Then it goes straight
into my bowl.
And that to me is the best meal
on the planet, broccoli pasta.
I know, right?
When you don't want
to eat, and you
feel like you want
to nourish yourself
but you're just about to
have takeaway, stop yourself,
and this is how you can get
something quite delicious
into your world.
There we go.
The meal that I make when
I don't want to cook.
Ta-da!
[CHUCKLES] It's that
good, actually, isn't it?
>> Yes, it is.
>> [CHUCKLES]
>> I'm about to have some now.
>> [SIGHS]
And you know what?
You're going to honor
that, too, by the way.
When you don't
feel like cooking,
and you know deep
down, like I do,
that for me to run
out and get takeaway,
I've got to jump in my car,
I've got to order it in,
I've got to wait for it.
For me to put this
on, then I just
get myself ready on
the couch and just
get myself all
snuggled and I'm done.
It's that simple.
And I'm glad I got to share this
with you, something so simple.
Bye.
This is where we eat.
I'm going to try it.
Oh.
This is so good, god damn it.
It's beautiful.
Oh, I'm so happy about that.
Do you want some?
Who wants a big jar
of a green smoothie?
My tap's talking to me.
[LAUGHS]
[VOCALIZES] Are you ready?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]